Close reviewing/voting process (#1016)
EuroPython/website: src/content/deadlines/03_voting.md

---
title: Community Voting
subtitle: Closed on February 17th
url: /programme/voting/
image: voting.jpg
---

> The Voting period is over. Thanks for your help!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Voting period is over. A big **Thank you** to all who voted.
```
"Thanks" seems to be a bit to informal to me.

Reviewer 2: addressed in https://github.com/EuroPython/website/pull/1016/commits/61b3558146aa189fd49d5d0d223749c92d4c50e5 but with slightly different wording to for both cards.
